User guide: MathCAT edits (#19234)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

Different speech styles are used to change how math is reported.

> * ClearSpeak was developed by ETS (Educational Testing Service) for use on high-stakes tests such as the SAT.

Reviewer: I think this order is more typical for explaining acronyms. Also lets try and remove US centric terms 😄 

```suggestion
* ClearSpeak was developed by the Educational Testing Service (ETS) for use on high-stakes tests such as national standardized testing.
```
